Welcome back recruit since object oriented programming can be a difficult topic when you first encounter
it.
We're going to have you go through some review exercises.
Let's take a quick overview of what these exercises are.
Your first task is to create a sphere class that accepts a radius upon instantiation and has a volume
and surface area method.
This is going to be quite similar as the circle class you saw in the previous lessons.
However now you're going to need to change some of the formulas instead of the methods for things such
as calculating a volume and calculating a surface area of a sphere.
If you ever need to review what that is.
Go ahead and do a quick Google search for volume or surface area equations of a sphere and the first
results should give you the answer for that.
So once you fill out the methods in this class for sphere you should be able to do something like this.
Create a sphere object pass any number then ask for its surface area using a method call as well as
its volume using a method call for exercise 2.
We're going to have several steps here.
Your first job is to create a class called guessing game and it's been created for you here a skeleton.
And we've also imported random for you.
The class doesn't need to use any provided arguments for instantiation.
That is to say you don't need to worry about passing in initial parameters when you actually create
the guessing game.
So you'll see here that we don't need a pass anything for the parameters.
Then next you're going to use the init method to have the class set a self a random choice attribute
and it's going to use the random library to make this attribute a random integer between 0 through 10.
So in the init method the only thing you have to do is a single attribute called self-taught Rand the
choice then you're going to set that equal to a random number using what you know about the random library.
So you can use things like Rand I.A. to create a random integer next you're going to create a method
in the class called Reset random That will reset this random choice attribute so recent random is another
method that will reset the random choice then you're going to create a method called guess.
And the best method is really where the guessing game does most of its logic.
You're going to use the input function in order to take in and accept the use of gas for the random
number.
This method should print out a statement indicating whether or not the user guessed was correct and
as a bonus you can add logic they'll report back to the user to guess higher or lower next time they
call it.
Yes.
So this is an example of what the game should look like if we were to define guessing game.
If we once we define guessing game we can see here we have a random choice attribute.
So you could technically call it and I can reset random.
So if I run this reset random cell and then ask for another random choice you can see it's been reset
to another random number between 0 and 10.
So again these methods are going to be able to do that inside the class.
So you create the class it assigns itself some random choice to this attribute and then you have a method
here that can grab self-taught Rand choice and reset it to some other random number between 0 and 10.
Then you're going to have a guess method and inside that gas method you'll use the input function in
order to initiate a guessing game.
So if I were to run this it would say please input your guess between 0 and 10.
You can see that the correct answer is four.
So let's say I put in six it'll say sorry than a guess correctly guess lower called the guess method
again to try again.
So I'm going to rerun this guess method and then I'm going to guess to say guess higher called the guess
method again to try again.
So let's run it and put the right answer for and then it's going to just say correct guess.
So you're going to create all of this functionality all these methods inside of this class called guessing.
Best of luck in the next lesson.
We'll go over an example solution.